---
layout: post
title:  "a trip"
date:   2023-08-13
desc: "idk"
keywords: "random, blog,easy,update"
categories: [Ideas, Travel]
tags: [Ideas, Travel]
icon: icon-lightbulb

---

On a weekend trip to Newport with a friend D, and I want to remember so many things from it.

* All the stores/restaurants are super dog-friendly. Everyone welcomed tae tea.
* She got a surprise tea sampler, and it turned out she loved 75% of it. Simply amazing!
* Told her about my old curiosity about Irish culture and newly found curiosity about the Suomalainen while we were browsing through an Irish store.
* D said 'somewhere only we know' is gonna be her song for proposal if she ever wants to get married. She thinks she likes the idea of proposing to someone, but not planning the wedding -- I think I might be the opposite.
* There were two really nice chairs facing the ocean at a very random spot on the lighthouse rail.
* We randomly walked into a wedding at Castle Hill Inn.
* There is a website that helps you find the darkest spot near you -- it comes in handy when you want to go see the meteor showers.
* Parked at silvershell beach at 9 p.m. where there were only 2 cars nearby. I told her about the Zodiac movie where people get killed( or maybe it's some other movie?) in a (nearly) empty parking lot like this and we (mainly I) were a bit scared to get out of the car.
* Headed back to a gas station and decided to just read books there while waiting for the optimal time to watch the shooting stars -- but in the end, it was too cloudy we didn't get to see the stars. We tried.
* While at the gas station, there was this cute doggo sitting in the driver's seat in a car nearby looking at us.
* Found a road on Google map that goes directly into the ocean, so we decided to check it out -- turned out someone built a private little trail to the ocean!
* Helped her mentally build a classifier to differentiate the leading vocalist from Coldplay, Image Dragons, One Republic, Panic! at the disco, and Arctic Monkeys, based on the bands' styles and the lead singers' voice profiles.

How I wish every day could be like this. 




