---
layout: post
title:  "idk"
date:   2023-07-15
desc: "..."
keywords: "blog"
categories: [Ideas]
tags: [Chocolocked]
icon: icon-lightbulb
---

Listened to a podcast: "No Regrets: How to take risks in your communication, relationships and career"
and decided to take that leap of faith (I guess again, again and again). And it turned out a bit sad.
But who cares really, the answer must be in the attempt.

Moving onward, the next steps:

* Out of Boston (The city is affecting my mental health lol) to somewhere with water and lots of sunshine. 
* Doing a great job
* Let’s get some soul-searching. Don’t give in just yet.
* Getting ready for trips to San Diego & some old friends and new; DC & lots of dancing. 
* Let's make lots of money so that we can maybe open a bakery shop, and retire early somewhere in Europe ( ´∀｀)つ

While having this mediocre donut from Blackbird, it suddenly dawned on me: Blackbird donut is so quintessential Boston -- it looks fancy, and lots of people flock in just to have a taste, but for the price you pay, the quality you get is so mediocre, so astonishingly unsurprising. Blackbird in donuts is exactly like Boston in cities. Mental note to myself: Don't get it again; Mochinut is far more superior :V

Randomly, I guess in the adult world, most people have lots of rules, V has made it very clear to me (as someone more experienced in a certain world) --- You're not supposed to do this or that. But sometimes, maybe once in several blue moons, when you least expect or plan it, you broke it, hoping that the other person would appreciate the gesture and reciprocate. But you never know if what you get is what you wish for, maybe yes, maybe no, maybe somewhere in between. So it's only when you're in the receiving end that you realize that cliche exists for a reason -- sometimes the truth you told others is just not as easy to digest as some pretty lies that make them feel better. But I think I'll still stick with the truth, Idk maybe I'm just too stubborn; or maybe once in a million blue moons, you'll be lucky enough to meet someone who does the same, and wouldn't THAT be magical?

Anyway, I think my heart died a tiny little at 540, 07.13. This marks the end of that. 
I want to go back to being as a kid, sometimes. 







